#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/app.txt requirements/app.in
#
alembic==1.11.1
    # via flask-migrate
altair==5.0.1
    # via flexmeasures
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
arrow==1.2.3
    # via rq-dashboard
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via py-moneyed
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via flexmeasures
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via entsoe-py
blinker==1.6.2
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security-too
    #   sentry-sdk
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   flask
    #   flexmeasures
    #   rq
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via flexmeasures
colour==0.1.5
    # via flexmeasures
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
convertdate==2.4.0
    # via workalendar
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via sktime
dill==0.3.7
    # via openturns
dnspython==2.4.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.0.0.post2
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flexmeasures
entsoe-py==0.5.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
filelock==3.12.2
    # via tldextract
flask==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-classful
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-json
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-sslify
    #   flask-wtf
    #   flexmeasures
    #   rq-dashboard
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-classful==0.14.2
    # via flexmeasures
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via flexmeasures
flask-json==0.3.5
    # via flexmeasures
flask-login==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flexmeasures
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via flexmeasures
flask-marshmallow==0.15.0
    # via flexmeasures
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via flexmeasures
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via flask-security-too
flask-security-too==5.1.2
    # via flexmeasures
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flexmeasures
flask-sslify==0.1.5
    # via flexmeasures
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flexmeasures
flexmeasures==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
fonttools==4.41.1
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
humanize==4.7.0
    # via flexmeasures
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   flexmeasures
    #   timely-beliefs
inflect==7.0.0
    # via flexmeasures
inflection==0.5.1
    # via flexmeasures
iso8601==2.0.0
    # via flexmeasures
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flexmeasures
    #   timely-beliefs
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   flask
joblib==1.3.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.18.4
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lunardate==0.2.0
    # via workalendar
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flexmeasures
    #   marshmallow-polyfield
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   webargs
marshmallow-polyfield==5.11
    # via flexmeasures
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.29.0
    # via flexmeasures
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via timetomodel
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   flexmeasures
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   properscoring
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   timely-beliefs
    #   timetomodel
    #   uniplot
openturns==1.21
    # via timely-beliefs
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   matplotlib
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   webargs
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   entsoe-py
    #   flexmeasures
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   timely-beliefs
    #   timetomodel
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-security-too
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
pint==0.22
    # via flexmeasures
ply==3.11
    # via pyomo
properscoring==0.1
    # via timely-beliefs
pscript==0.7.7
    # via flexmeasures
psutil==5.9.5
    # via openturns
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via
    #   flexmeasures
    #   timely-beliefs
py-moneyed==3.0
    # via flexmeasures
pydantic==2.1.1
    # via inflect
pydantic-core==2.4.0
    # via pydantic
pyluach==2.2.0
    # via workalendar
pymeeus==0.5.12
    # via convertdate
pyomo==6.6.1
    # via flexmeasures
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   timetomodel
    #   workalendar
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via flexmeasures
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   entsoe-py
    #   flexmeasures
    #   pandas
    #   timely-beliefs
    #   timetomodel
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   flexmeasures
    #   rq
    #   rq-dashboard
referencing==0.30.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   entsoe-py
    #   requests-file
    #   tldextract
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rq==1.15.1
    # via
    #   flexmeasures
    #   rq-dashboard
rq-dashboard==0.6.1
    # via flexmeasures
scikit-base==0.5.0
    # via sktime
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   sktime
    #   timetomodel
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   properscoring
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   timely-beliefs
    #   timetomodel
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.29.2
    # via flexmeasures
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
sktime==0.21.0
    # via timely-beliefs
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.49
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flexmeasures
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   timely-beliefs
    #   timetomodel
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via timetomodel
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via flexmeasures
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
timely-beliefs[forecast]==1.21.0
    # via flexmeasures
timetomodel==0.7.3
    # via flexmeasures
tldextract==3.4.4
    # via flexmeasures
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   inflect
    #   pint
    #   py-moneyed
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uniplot==0.10.0
    # via flexmeasures
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
webargs==8.3.0
    # via flexmeasures
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   flexmeasures
workalendar==17.0.0
    # via flexmeasures
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-wtf
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via flexmeasures
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
